Post-Exploitation Modules
In addition to native commands and actions
present in the core APIs
of the Meterpreter,
there are several
post-exploitation modules
we can deploy against
an active session.
Sessions that were created by
execution of a client-side attack
will likely provide us only
with an unprivileged shell.
But if the target user is a member
of the local administrators group,
we can elevate our shell
to a high integrity level
if we bypass User
Account Control, or UAC.
A search for UAC bypass modules
will yield quite a few results,
but since the compromised host is running
Windows 10 Fall Creators Update,
we will focus on the windows bypass
uac win sxs injection module
as it works well on
this version of Windows.
Selecting the module and
listing its options,
reveals a single parameter named SESSION,
which is the target Meterpreter session.
Setting the session option and
executing the module
will essentially pipe the exploit
through the active session
and directly to the host.
Besides being able to background
an active session
and execute modules through
it, we can also load extensions
directly inside the active
session with the load command.
One great example of this
is the PowerShell extension,
which as the name suggests,
enables the use of PowerShell.
With this module, we can execute
PowerShell commands and scripts,
or launch an interactive
PowerShell command prompt.
As an example, let’s use the
powershell_execute command
to retrieve the PowerShell
version through the
$PSVersionTable.PSVersion
global variable.
The output provides us with the exact
version information of PowerShell
on the compromised host.
Mimikatz is incredibly
useful as well and luckily,
an implementation of it is
available as a Meterpreter extension.
In this example, we will run
the extension with “load kiwi”.
Since mimikatz requires SYSTEM
rights, we will run getsystem
to automatically acquire SYSTEM privileges
from our current high integrity shell.
Finally, we will dump the system
credentials with creds_msv: